1) Make sure your region is set to northern Virginia (US East N.Verginia).
2) Go to AWS services >> Management & Governance >> Cloudwatch . This will launch the cloudwatch console and over there 
    click on billing from the left window pane 
3) Then on the billing page click on Create alarm which is at the bottom. make sure don't click on the one at right 
    hand side corner.
4) That will bring you to the page of "specify metric and conditions" on this page there is a metric where we have to select
    currency type (USD), also we have to select the period, in which AWS is going to check our billing status. which 
    we have set to 1 min.
5) Then under the conditions, we will select the static  type threshold and select condition as greater than and pass the
    exact amount beyond which you want an alarm.
    i kept it as 0 USD
    The we can click on Next
6) This will bring us on configure action page. 
    oer here we will select the alarm state trigger  as "in alarm" so this means when we will have our threshold breached 
    we will be notified
7) Then we will be creating a new SNS topic >> click on create new topic and give your new topic name and email ID
    then click on create topic button and that will throw a mail to your mentioned email ID to confirm the subscription 
    go tou your email and click on confirm subscription link in the email >> This will show subscription confirmed.
8) once that is done click on next on the configure action page and that will take you the page to add your alarm name 
    and description
    and once name of alarm and description is given, click on next and that will take you the preview screen. scroll
    down and click on create alarm
9) Now note that the alarm will initially be shown in insufficient data state, as we have fixed the alarm check at every 
    6 hours. so currently it does not have data to do any thing.
10) Thats all it takes to create a Billing alarm.
11) Note that in exam there could be a question asking how to get the automatic alert if exceeds the threshold of billing
    so the answer to this question is to set up the billing alarm.
    Also note that billing alarm is uding the SNS topic which is a simple service to sent an email.
    